# forgotten nights

**This is the code for the digital poem 'forgotten nights'. The interface presents the user with an interactive night-sky, allowing them to add and remove stars. The number and position of the stars affect the words of the poem that is heard when the user presses the play button (the moon). **



### Content

This code repository contains the files for the poem interface, including the audio files for each individual line in the 'sound' folder. 

The lines of the poem in text form and their associated sound files are stored in the JS file 'js/lines.js', which feeds this data to the main.js file for the interface.

The interface's functionality is signposted by comments in the 'index.html' and 'js/main.js' files.



### Third-party software

- **JQuery** - used throughout for UI design (MIT License - Copyright and license can be found in jquery-3.4.1.js)
- **Normalize.css** - used to provide an effective 'blank slate' for styling the interface. (MIT license - link to author site can be found in 'css/normalize.css' and the license can be found at  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)



### Attribution

This code repository is part of the PhD thesis 'Poetry in Digital Media' by Peter Hebden, Newcastle University 2021. This source code is shared under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license (CC BY-SA 4.0). A copy of this license is viewable here: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode.



Image Map Generated by http://www.image-map.net/

Debug features can be turned on by changing #debug to 'display:block' in CSS

Password is 'password'. This is not a strong security feature and can be removed or changed in the index.html file.

The interface requires four audio files to function. These should be added at the root directory and referenced in the index.html file within the $(document).ready() function at the end of the file.
